PreAdamic Race Part 1 Introdution

The questions and facts that support the preadamic theory are as follows:

1. How would a perfect and skillful, Almighty God create a chaotic earth.
2. If God laid the foundations of the earth, is it not evidence that He knew what he was doing before he even began
2. Why would God create mountains, bury them under the water then seperate the waters to reveal the mountains
3. Why did God keep on using the word Let, if he was creating the things. Let is a word of permission, not a word of creation. You can only let something that already exists.
4. Job 9:5 reveals that God was angry at a point in history and mountains were removed and overturned, the sun was commanded not to shine and the stars where sealed. When did this happen?
5. Where did the flood found in Genesis 1 come from.
6. Why did Satan ask to the woman if God had said "They should not eat from every tree". Where did Satan have an experience with trees enough to know that God could forbid the eating of certain trees.
7. 2 Peter 2:5 talks about an old world. Which one is that. 
8. 2 Peter 3:6 There is a world which then was (but is no more), it was flooded with water, which one is that.
Jeremiah 4:22 - Jeremiah saw the earth in its formless state, the heaven had no light. Was it the first day before God said Let there be light. Why then does it say the birds had fled? What did the birds flee from if nothing had been created.
Jer 4:26 - What was the Lord angry about if there was no one?


Bible students often argue about whether the earth is 6000 years old or more. This debate has been going on for generations. The first hint however that the earth is more than 6000 years old, is the description of Genesis 1:2. *The earth was formless and void.* 
This presents a serious debate. How would a perfect God create a chaotic earth? The hebrew word used for *was* is *became*, which changes the debate in favour of preadmites (people who believe in a preadamic race). Through out the book of Genesis chapter 1, we discover that God created a few things, one of the most significant things is the human being. Everything else, God *made* and *formed*. This implies that somethings were not seeing the earth for the first time. They had been there before, and God just allowed them by using the word Let. Let is not a word for creation, it is a word for permission. Let was supposed to be followed by the word create, like Gen 1:26 when man was created.

The oldest book in the bible happens to be the book of Job. This book is believed to have been written by Moses. This ancient book in Job 9:5 mentions catastrophic occurences which took place sometime in history. Job says, God removed mountains, and overturned them in anger. It also says He commanded the sun and it did not shine, and he also sealed the stars.  Where in the bible did this happen. Looking through out the bible, we discover that the only period that best illustrates the description of Job is Gen 1:2. The earth was formless and void. When God came back in Genesis, he did not create the stars, sun or moon. He *made* them. And he made the two great lights, one to rule the day the other the night. The words God kept on saying was "Let there be", why, what was letting these things not to be. Let is a word of permission. Allowing something, that is already there. You dont need to allow something that is not being hindered. For example, if I say, let him in, it means there is someone who might actually stop or hinder him from getting in. You cant start by letting something, if it doesnt already exists. The same God who had commanded the sun not to shine, should be the same God to allow it to shine again. If God is going to let a star come forth, what should the star look like, should it be square or diamond or spherical. Before letting, God had to have a day when he actually created the stars, describing what a star should look like, which is not mentioned in the Genesis creation because it had happened before that. 

We have to investigate why then there was this chaos. What had happened and who was being punished. If God was angry, who was he angry at? Was it Satan. If it was Satan, why then would the earth be destroyed.

The last point I will raise is the flood in Gen 1:2. Where did it come from. If the earth was new, why did God put so much water on the earth just to relocate it above the firmament. Why didnt he just place water where it was supposed to be the first time. Why did he need the water to fill the earth and bury mountains, only to seperate the waters. The water covered

Job 9:5

